BHP runs together with the Web server to run BHP code, but it can also run scripts in the command line.
Laravel has a huge spectrum of command line tools that can generate code, do maintenance tasks or even
start a simple development web server.
Installing SAP is not enough to be able to use the command line.
You need to add the path to the IP binary in your system.
PAF environment variable.
Search for the advanced system settings.
Or the equivalent name in your language, you should see a window from the control panel, press the
environment variables button.
A new window will pop up.
On the list of current users of variables, the top one find the path variable and press edit.
Now, remind yourself where you have installed Zamp.
And press the new button and typed the path to the B folder inside Daxam installation folder.
By default, this would be sea.
Zamp slash BHB.
Then selected this new entry on the list and price move up until it is on top.
Confirmed twice with AK.
Then make sure you restart the terminal application that you have running, whether this is a command
prompt power cell or Windows terminal.
Then Ron B, Dash V to check the version number of BHP, and if it works at all, you should see output
similar to mine and also make sure the version you see matches the one you've downloaded, because sometimes
people have previously installed BHP and might have some older versions dangling, which might potentially
cause issues.